DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: fd1be7bb; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from fd1be7bb --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 4
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  4 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a streaming catalog wall of horizontally scrolling rows, each poster tile expanding on focus to reveal a title, a rating chip and a short line, with the active row lifting slightly and the rest of the wall dimming behind it
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall
     CREATIVE SPARK: Rows and rows of artwork, and the one you land on grows and tells you what it is while everything else quietly gets out of the way.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a deep neutral ground with full-bleed poster artwork as the only color, and a single accent on the focused tile border
       - Type/composition: rows of fixed-ratio poster tiles with a row heading above, and metadata revealed only inside the focused tile
       - Topology/navigation: rows scroll horizontally and the wall scrolls vertically, so navigation is a grid traversed one axis at a time
       - Controls/state: controls are tiles, the focused one expands and reveals metadata, and the active row lifts while others dim
       - Responsive/motion: rows keep their tile ratio and show fewer per screen, and motion is a scale on focus with neighbors sliding aside
     WEB LEVERAGE: keyboard and pointer focus state driving tile expansion, horizontal rail scrolling with snap, and row-level dimming
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall-hero.webp
  2. a mixtape's hand-lettered j-card, spine title, folded flap, and side a / side b tracklists ruled in ballpoint, timed to fill exactly forty-five minutes a side
     SOURCE ID: vernacular-ephemera-cassette-j-card
     CREATIVE SPARK: Someone timed every song with a wristwatch so side a ends clean at forty-four minutes, then inked the tracklist twice because the first pen smeared.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: ballpoint blue on white lined inlay stock, pencil gray for tentative tracks, the brand stripe's TDK red or Maxell gold as the only printed accent
       - Type/composition: handwritten block caps ruled by the inlay's printed lines, side a and side b as underlined heads, running times right-aligned tight against the margin
       - Topology/navigation: the spine is the shelf identity, the front flap the cover, the inner fold the full listing; everything lives in one folded sheet you rotate
       - Controls/state: side a and side b are hard halves with a physical flip between them; each track carries a running time, and the sides must not overflow the tape
       - Responsive/motion: the card unfolds flat on wide screens and refolds to spine-only in a list; flipping sides is a y-axis turn, or an instant swap under
     WEB LEVERAGE: the audio element drives a real-time position marker down the inked tracklist, flipping sides at the tape's midpoint
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-cassette-j-card.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-cassette-j-card-hero.webp
  3. a Japanese contemporary high-density site, where tiny type, boxed modules, and utility-red accents pack far more onto one screen than a Western grid would dare
     SOURCE ID: japanese-high-density-web
     CREATIVE SPARK: Dozens of boxed modules tile a single scroll, each ruled with hairlines and headed by a small red tab; prices, badges, and nav rails crowd in at tiny sizes, and nothing wastes a pixel of the packed grid.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: bright white ground, dense black text, a signal utility-red for tabs and prices, cool grays for module borders and fills
       - Type/composition: a compact gothic sans at small sizes with tight leading; a mosaic of ruled rectangular modules, each with its own small header tab, packed edge to edge.
       - Topology/navigation: Move by scanning the dense module mosaic, by a persistent multi-row nav rail, and by expandable category accordions in a left rail.
       - Controls/state: Hovering a module raises its border and reveals secondary actions; tabs switch content in place; badges mark new, sale, and limited states.
       - Responsive/motion: motion is minimal and functional, and reduced-motion keeps only instant state swaps.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Build the module mosaic as a dense CSS grid with named template areas and a strict hairline border system, so hundreds of small blocks tile without the whitespace inflation of a default SaaS grid.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/japanese-high-density-web.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/japanese-high-density-web-hero.webp
  4. a labanotation dance score, a vertical center staff read upward where symbol shape is direction, shading is level, and length is exact duration
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-labanotation
     CREATIVE SPARK: In a mirrored studio a notator watches the leap twice, then draws a shaded rectangle whose exact height is the half-second the dancer hung in the air.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: white score paper and black symbol blocks, level encoded as solid, hatched, or dotted fill, the beat in progress banded pale gray across the staff
       - Type/composition: type stays marginal, small count numerals beside the staff; the vertical center staff rules the page and bilateral symmetry is the layout law
       - Topology/navigation: columns flank a center line, left column for left limb and right for right, time flows bottom to top so the future is always above
       - Controls/state: each action is a shaped block whose length is its duration, shading sets level, simultaneous acts sit side by side across the columns
       - Responsive/motion: columns thin but never merge, symmetry across the centerline is the invariant; motion rises like a slow elevator
     WEB LEVERAGE: CSS grid columns mirror the body's bilateral layout, and scroll timelines run time upward through the score.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-labanotation.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-labanotation-hero.webp
  5. an international airport sign system, saturated yellow panels hung as framed overhead bands, black humanist sans beside white pictograms, arrows placed by strict edge rules, gate numbers at monumental scale down the concourse
     SOURCE ID: wayfinding-cartography-signage-terminal-yellow-wayfinding
     CREATIVE SPARK: Off the jet bridge with nine minutes to make the connection, one yellow band hangs at the corridor junction, black letters and a running-figure pictogram agreeing: gates D1-D57, left, twelve minutes' walk.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: saturated schiphol yellow panel ground with black type, white pictograms on black inset squares, yellow reserved for wayfinding and nothing else
       - Type/composition: frutiger-cut humanist sans in sentence case, one message per band line, arrows locked to the panel edge they point past, gate numbers monumental
       - Topology/navigation: a chain of decision points, each junction shows only the choices ahead with distances in minutes, and every path re-signs itself after each turn
       - Controls/state: the followed destination stays highlighted band to band, a gate change repaints the arrow instantly, closed routes drop off the panel entirely
       - Responsive/motion: small screens collapse to the single next decision with the gate number monumental; motion is a split-flap band update
     WEB LEVERAGE: Sticky positioned sign bands persist while corridors scroll past, and view transitions swap panel messages at each decision point.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/wayfinding-cartography-signage-terminal-yellow-wayfinding.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/wayfinding-cartography-signage-terminal-yellow-wayfinding-hero.webp
  6. A working field built as a darkroom printer's exposure record: overlapping translucent sheets over a backlit eleven-step zone ramp, where any region carries a hatch density and a stop-delta, and two hatches crossing at ninety degrees mark a conflict.
     SOURCE ID: operate-b-exposure-record-zone-sheets
     CREATIVE SPARK: A taped record card under the enlarger's glow: ruled boxes of seconds and M-filtration numbers, and a tracing-paper overlay askew on top where one region is hatched +1 1/3 and a corner is outlined to be held back.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Backlit neutrals snapped to an eleven-step zone ramp; one glowing dichroic magenta marks filtration only; hosted images sit in a two-step mask, never hatched.
       - Type/composition: Legends in tracked condensed caps, quantities in tabular mono with 1/3 and 2/3 fractions; prose sits only on cleared light zones, hatching halting a line short.
       - Topology/navigation: Stacked translucent sheets overlap at slight angles, each squared internally; navigating slides a sheet aside instead of replacing the field beneath.
       - Controls/state: dotted outline is held back, deepest zone is selected, a struck rule is disabled, hatch density is load; two hatches crossing at ninety degrees is a conflict.
       - Responsive/motion: Sheets carry mass, sliding with slight overshoot before settling; narrow widths stack them one per column with the zone wedge repeating at each band head.
     WEB LEVERAGE: An eleven-step zone ramp as the only tonal tokens, plus a hatch layer where any region takes a numeric weight and a stop-delta, and overlapping regions cross-hatch so conflict renders without colour.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-b-exposure-record-zone-sheets.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-b-exposure-record-zone-sheets-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from fd1be7bb --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 4. Build candidate
4 of your own grounded list; seed key fd1be7bb.
