DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: cd693bdb; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from cd693bdb --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 5
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  5 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a HyperCard shoebox stack, where black-and-white cards link through buttons anyone can paint and the tool for reading is also the tool for making
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox
     CREATIVE SPARK: A shoebox of black-and-white cards where clicking a hand-painted button flips you somewhere the author felt you should go next, and the paint tools are one menu away.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: one-bit black on white with stipple-dither grays and no color anywhere, the pressed button inverting to solid black as its active state
       - Type/composition: bold Chicago-style pixel menus over Geneva-style body text, cards composing as fixed rectangles with hand-drawn borders and painted buttons
       - Topology/navigation: space is a stack of cards linked by visible buttons; back retraces your exact trail through them.
       - Controls/state: every card is editable in place; browse and author are two modes of the same object.
       - Responsive/motion: cards keep fixed proportions and dissolve between each other
     WEB LEVERAGE: History API and deep links make every card addressable, while in-place editing keeps reader and author one keypress apart.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox-hero.webp
  2. an early-80s rhythm machine step row, sixteen candy-colored step keys under a running chase light, pattern banks behind them and a tempo readout above, accents lighting deeper as the loop swings around again
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-drum-machine-step-row
     CREATIVE SPARK: you punch four steps into the red quarter of the row and hit run, the chase light comes around, and the empty machine suddenly has a pulse you made, so you lean in and accent the offbeat
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: charcoal panel ground, the step row quartered in red, orange, yellow, and white keys, lit LEDs as the only glow, silkscreen white labels for everything else
       - Type/composition: instrument names as small silkscreen caps above their rows, the tempo in a red segmented readout, the sixteen-step row as the page's one unbroken line
       - Topology/navigation: patterns are pages and banks are chapters; the step row is a timeline you write into place, and the chase light always tells you where now is
       - Controls/state: tapping a step arms it and lights it, a second tap accents it brighter, the chase light sweeps in tempo, and an empty pattern is sixteen dark keys of invitation
       - Responsive/motion: the sixteen-step row never wraps, it scales; motion is the chase light and a key's press flash, both locked to the clock
     WEB LEVERAGE: web audio clocks the chase light and playback while each step key stays a toggle button operable by keyboard
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-drum-machine-step-row.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-drum-machine-step-row-hero.webp
  3. a multiplane cel-animation dawn, where hand-painted forest planes slide at different speeds and the camera sinks through mist toward a lit cottage
     SOURCE ID: cinema-cinematography-editing-multiplane-cel-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The nearest ferns blur past, the middle forest drifts, the far ridge barely breathes: five paintings pretending, perfectly, to be one morning.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: gouache forest greens and mist blue-gray planes over a deep umber ground, the cottage window's lamp amber as the single active accent
       - Type/composition: hand-painted title-card serifs held on their own clear cel, text always on the nearest plane, composition banded by painted depth layers
       - Topology/navigation: scenes are stacked painted planes; travel is camera movement through layers, not page swaps.
       - Controls/state: focus racks between planes; interactive elements live on their own cel above the painting.
       - Responsive/motion: plane count reduces gracefully on phones; parallax follows scroll and freezes into a full composition under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Scroll-linked parallax planes with real painted-texture assets and rack-focus blur via CSS filters.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/cinema-cinematography-editing-multiplane-cel-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/cinema-cinematography-editing-multiplane-cel-dawn-hero.webp
  4. a newly formed cloud edge diffracting sunlight through similarly sized droplets, with pastel bands shifting as droplet distribution and angular distance from the sun change
     SOURCE ID: clouds-storms-auroras-iridescent-cloud-edge
     CREATIVE SPARK: A plain white cloud grows a narrow crown of mint, rose, and violet; minutes later the droplets broaden in size and the entire spectral edge dissolves.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: plain cloud white ground with slate gray body ink, a narrow fringe of mint, rose, and violet at the edge, violet marking the active band
       - Type/composition: quiet thin humanist sans, wide white margins, color confined to hairline band edges while the text field stays achromatic
       - Topology/navigation: Move between cloud body, droplet-size sample, angular color band, observation moment, and competing explanation.
       - Controls/state: Adjust droplet distribution, compare images, mark uncertainty, and inspect absent, forming, vivid, and dispersed states.
       - Responsive/motion: Stack image, spectrum, and droplet evidence on phones; never require device motion or direct viewing near the sun.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Local image analysis, a droplet-diffraction model, and shareable comparison states let users test observed bands against particle-size hypotheses while retaining safe-viewing guidance and semantic spectra.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/clouds-storms-auroras-iridescent-cloud-edge.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/clouds-storms-auroras-iridescent-cloud-edge-hero.webp
  5. a painted martial-arts film hoarding, a swordsman frozen mid-leap against a wash of cloud and mountain, brush-drawn title characters stacked vertically and the cast billed in a hand-lettered lower band
     SOURCE ID: posters-covers-sleeves-wuxia-painted-hoarding
     CREATIVE SPARK: a swordsman caught at the top of a leap he will never finish, cloud washed in behind him, and the title painted down the right edge in strokes that clearly came off a real brush.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: painted cinnabar and ink-wash mountain over a bleached sky, with gold reserved for the title strokes and blade highlights
       - Type/composition: a stacked vertical title on the right, the figure leaping across the upper two thirds, and a hand-lettered billing band at the foot
       - Topology/navigation: the frame is a single held moment, so moving means cutting to the next held moment rather than panning within one
       - Controls/state: controls are billing lines, the active one takes a gold stroke, and the rest stay in flat cinnabar
       - Responsive/motion: the cloud wash crops and the figure holds scale, and motion is a hard cut with a brief blade highlight
     WEB LEVERAGE: css writing-mode vertical titles, an svg blade highlight animation on state, and responsive crop of the wash background
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-wuxia-painted-hoarding.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-wuxia-painted-hoarding-hero.webp
  6. a kaiju-era emergency broadcast graphic, brush-weight kanji title cards over roman subtitles, red and white civil-defense stripes, evacuation maps with bold arrows, newsreel monochrome cut with full-color alarm frames
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-kaiju-broadcast-alert
     CREATIVE SPARK: the picture cuts from gray newsreel to a striped frame; brush-stroke kanji fill the screen over a quiet roman subtitle, a map slides in with one thick arrow pointing away from the coast, and the announcer's calm makes it worse
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: newsreel gray monochrome as ground, civil-defense red and white stripes framing every alert, full color reserved for the alarm frame alone
       - Type/composition: brush-weight kanji headlines over small spaced roman subtitles, centered with bureaucratic calm, evacuation arrows the heaviest strokes on the page
       - Topology/navigation: broadcast order rules the sequence: title card, map, instruction, in fixed succession; the map's bold arrows are the only wayfinding that matters
       - Controls/state: routine notices stay in calm gray bureaucracy, escalation adds the striped border, the true alarm cuts to full color under a held siren card
       - Responsive/motion: small screens crop to the headline and one arrow; motion is hard broadcast cuts and a slow stripe crawl
     WEB LEVERAGE: css repeating-linear-gradient draws the civil-defense stripes with an animation crawling them, filter grayscale holding the newsreel ground
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-kaiju-broadcast-alert.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-kaiju-broadcast-alert-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from cd693bdb --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 5. Build candidate
5 of your own grounded list; seed key cd693bdb.
