DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: d375fdd3; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from d375fdd3 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 5
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  5 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a jacquard brocade woven from punched instructions, where thousands of binary thread choices resolve into a gold bird across midnight silk
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-jacquard-punched-brocade
     CREATIVE SPARK: Rows of tiny holes pass above the loom; beneath them, gold weft slowly gathers into a bird whose wing spans hundreds of separate thread decisions.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: midnight blue silk as ground, gold weft floats as the accent motif, punch-card cream for instruction rows, warp shadow in near-black ink
       - Type/composition: monospaced ledger digits for card rows, motif titles in woven small caps, layout banded row by row like the loom's lift sequence
       - Topology/navigation: Move between finished motif, weave row, card, and individual warp lift with full traceability.
       - Controls/state: Punch, lift, throw, reverse, and compare with encoded, raised, woven, skipped, and corrected states.
       - Responsive/motion: Present the loom as synchronized pattern and instruction rows and make every thread choice keyboard inspectable.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A shared binary matrix can drive textile rendering, editing, and an exact accessible instruction representation.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-jacquard-punched-brocade.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-jacquard-punched-brocade-hero.webp
  2. a night sea igniting with bioluminescent plankton, with every wake tracing motion, fading memory, and currents revealed by living light
     SOURCE ID: reefs-bioluminescent-nocturnal-plankton-wake-stars
     CREATIVE SPARK: A hand enters black water and draws a blue galaxy that survives for seconds before darkness closes.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: black night sea as ground, electric-blue plankton light marking the active wake, cyan fading traces as body, darkness reclaiming everything at rest
       - Type/composition: thin luminous letterforms glowing on black, wayfinding drawn as pointer trails across a dark field, text held bright enough to read over the void
       - Topology/navigation: Navigate dark field, disturbance path, glowing eddy, fade history, and current direction.
       - Controls/state: Draw wakes, change speed, and show dormant, excited, radiant, and fading states.
       - Responsive/motion: Use touch trails on phones
     WEB LEVERAGE: GPU particles react to pointer velocity and advect through a visible current field.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/reefs-bioluminescent-nocturnal-plankton-wake-stars.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/reefs-bioluminescent-nocturnal-plankton-wake-stars-hero.webp
  3. the seven-segment display family, bedside clocks, gas-station price totems, scoreboards, and microwave panels all speaking one eight-cell mask where unlit segments are designed too
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock
     CREATIVE SPARK: At 3am the bedroom hour hangs as four red digits; by noon the same alphabet quotes gasoline at two meters tall, and at the stadium the score slams from 98 to 100 with nothing sliding, segments simply dying and igniting.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: lit segments in LED red, amber, or scoreboard green on matte near-black ground, unlit segments held as faint ghost cells; red glow owns the night register
       - Type/composition: one eight-cell mask makes every glyph, digits ranked in fixed slots with the colon or decimal as its own cell; absence is drawn as deliberately as light
       - Topology/navigation: the layout is a rigid mask of cells, from four bedside digits to a price totem's stack; place never moves, only which segments light
       - Controls/state: modes cycle by held buttons, set digits blink while everything else holds; the flashing 12:00 of an unset clock is the canonical error state
       - Responsive/motion: cells scale as whole units and never reflow mid-glyph; every change is an instant segment swap
     WEB LEVERAGE: CSS grid and clip-path build a true segment mask with ghost cells, and a shared worker keeps blink phase synchronized across every open tab
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock-hero.webp
  4. an algorave floor, where projected live code edits the music mid-dance and every thrown bracket changes what a hundred bodies do next
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-algorave-source-floor
     CREATIVE SPARK: The coder deletes half a line and the kick drops out; the crowd howls, the line comes back wrong on purpose, and the room lifts.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: phosphor green and magenta syntax on projector black, the code buffer as ground; the pattern about to change flashes amber before it sounds
       - Type/composition: monospaced terminal type at stage scale with hard line breaks as musical bars, the composition one code buffer whose cursor line is the downbeat
       - Topology/navigation: the source is the stage; sections of code map to audible layers you can follow live.
       - Controls/state: edits apply on the next cycle boundary; upcoming changes are visible before they sound.
       - Responsive/motion: code and visuals share one clock; small screens follow a single highlighted pattern lane.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Web Audio scheduling ties editable patterns to a shared clock with live evaluation in the page.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-algorave-source-floor.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-algorave-source-floor-hero.webp
  5. a Japanese contemporary high-density site, where tiny type, boxed modules, and utility-red accents pack far more onto one screen than a Western grid would dare
     SOURCE ID: japanese-high-density-web
     CREATIVE SPARK: Dozens of boxed modules tile a single scroll, each ruled with hairlines and headed by a small red tab; prices, badges, and nav rails crowd in at tiny sizes, and nothing wastes a pixel of the packed grid.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: bright white ground, dense black text, a signal utility-red for tabs and prices, cool grays for module borders and fills
       - Type/composition: a compact gothic sans at small sizes with tight leading; a mosaic of ruled rectangular modules, each with its own small header tab, packed edge to edge.
       - Topology/navigation: Move by scanning the dense module mosaic, by a persistent multi-row nav rail, and by expandable category accordions in a left rail.
       - Controls/state: Hovering a module raises its border and reveals secondary actions; tabs switch content in place; badges mark new, sale, and limited states.
       - Responsive/motion: motion is minimal and functional, and reduced-motion keeps only instant state swaps.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Build the module mosaic as a dense CSS grid with named template areas and a strict hairline border system, so hundreds of small blocks tile without the whitespace inflation of a default SaaS grid.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/japanese-high-density-web.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/japanese-high-density-web-hero.webp
  6. a generative brand identity, where a parametric mark reseeds from live inputs and its own seed derives the palette, motion, and layout of every surface around it
     SOURCE ID: generative-parametric-identity
     CREATIVE SPARK: A logo redraws itself from a few parameters, and the same seed spills outward: buttons, dividers, and headers borrow its palette and rhythm, so a refresh tunes the whole brand a few degrees off its last self.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a seed-derived palette generated from the mark's parameters as a base hue plus algorithmic harmonies, flat vector surfaces
       - Type/composition: a neutral geometric sans holds the type voice steady while the parametric system varies color and form
       - Topology/navigation: Move by scrolling seed-themed sections, by a nav whose mark animates live, and by a parameters panel that reseeds the identity on demand.
       - Controls/state: Adjusting a parameter or reseeding regenerates the mark, palette, and accents together in real time; hover states pull from the active seed's harmony.
       - Responsive/motion: the logo animates parametrically at idle, and reduced-motion renders one static seed frame.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Generate the mark as parametric SVG or canvas from a seed, and derive CSS custom properties for palette, spacing, and accent from that same seed so buttons, dividers, and headers restyle in lockstep with the logo.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/generative-parametric-identity.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/generative-parametric-identity-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from d375fdd3 --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 5. Build candidate
5 of your own grounded list; seed key d375fdd3.
