DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 3043ac75; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from 3043ac75 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 5
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  5 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. an orienteering map and legend, iso-standard colors where white means runnable forest, contours rule the truth, and the course rides in purple over everything
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map
     CREATIVE SPARK: Thumb on the map and breath ragged, a runner in wet birch forest gambles on the marsh crossing because two contour lines pinch, and the purple line does not care how.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: isom inks, white runnable forest, olive thicket, yellow open land, brown contours, blue marsh, course purple reserved for the active leg
       - Type/composition: condensed sans control numerals in purple beside their circles, the legend a ranked symbol table, contour line texture is the page's ground
       - Topology/navigation: terrain is a fixed color language beneath and the numbered purple course rides above, you travel control to control choosing your own route
       - Controls/state: each control pairs a circle on the map with a coded description row, punched controls check off, the course layer never edits the terrain
       - Responsive/motion: the map keeps metric scale and clips to a window around your current leg; panning follows the compass bearing
     WEB LEVERAGE: Geolocation tracks your position over the fixed-scale map with the course as an SVG overlay layer.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map-hero.webp
  2. a dark-first working surface where a graphite ground carries syntax-derived accent colors, panels divide with hairline seams rather than shadow, and every destructive action is separated from its neighbors by deliberate empty space
     SOURCE ID: digital-design-canon-dark-first-developer-console
     CREATIVE SPARK: Everything is graphite and separated by lines one pixel wide, and the delete button sits on its own with nothing near enough to hit by accident.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a graphite ground with panels distinguished by hairline seams and one step of elevation, and syntax-derived accents for state only
       - Type/composition: a compact sans with monospaced figures, panel headers in small caps, and destructive actions given deliberate isolation
       - Topology/navigation: panels tile the surface and persist, so navigation changes panel contents rather than replacing the layout
       - Controls/state: controls are panel actions, the primary takes a single accent, and destructive ones stay outline until deliberately focused
       - Responsive/motion: panels collapse by declared priority into a stack, and motion is a panel expanding along one axis only
     WEB LEVERAGE: a dark-first token scale, priority-based responsive panel collapse, and focus-gated destructive actions
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-dark-first-developer-console.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-dark-first-developer-console-hero.webp
  3. A worked queue built from a cracktro title screen: one bitmap face riding baselines over an emissive black void, where rank is depth, fields of grey dust drift behind the work at layered speeds, and nothing is ever enclosed by a rule or a box.
     SOURCE ID: operate-c-cracktro-scroller-queue
     CREATIVE SPARK: At 2am one ivory line of bitmap text sits dead still on a black screen while three fields of grey pinpricks drift behind it at different speeds, and a single amber caret blinks at the head of the line.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: emissive black void, four dust neutrals ash to ivory, one signal amber; prose is ivory on void only; foreign images sit unretouched on the void, never tinted.
       - Type/composition: one bitmap face at two sizes; all text rides baselines on a single unit; overlap allowed, enclosure never; no rules, boxes or dividers.
       - Topology/navigation: layers stacked front to back; every baseline continues past both screen edges, so nothing is contained; navigating means pulling a layer forward.
       - Controls/state: state is depth: brightness step plus letterspacing plus drift rate; the frontmost brightest widest item outranks all; a reversed glyph cell marks failure.
       - Responsive/motion: only rear layers drift, one slow rate halved per step forward; the front plane holds still while read; narrow widths drop depth steps, not brightness steps.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Every element declares an integer depth; one stylesheet maps depth to brightness step, letterspacing and drift rate off a single shared clock, and focus freezes the front plane to full stillness.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-c-cracktro-scroller-queue.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-c-cracktro-scroller-queue-hero.webp
  4. a nixie-tube laboratory counter, where stacked digits glow orange inside glass envelopes and every count arrives as visible plasma
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-nixie-laboratory-counter
     CREATIVE SPARK: Inside each glass tube ten metal numerals nest; the lit one hovers orange, and a count change is a tiny change of physical depth.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: neon orange digit glow inside clear glass envelopes, blackened steel chassis as ground, hairline anode mesh gray; the lit digit is the only warm accent
       - Type/composition: stacked metal numerals of one engineered digit form, each tube a fixed decimal place; labels sit as engraved caps on the panel below the banks
       - Topology/navigation: quantities are the interface; each metric owns a tube bank with fixed digit positions.
       - Controls/state: value changes cross-fade between physical digit layers; overflow and reset are visible mechanical events.
       - Responsive/motion: banks drop to essential digits on phones; digit transitions are single cross-fades under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Layered DOM digits with depth-true cross-fades render tube physics in pure CSS.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-nixie-laboratory-counter.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-nixie-laboratory-counter-hero.webp
  5. a seamless cyclorama passing from black night through cobalt and rose into white day, where light alone creates an infinite horizon behind the actors
     SOURCE ID: stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The curved wall begins as depthless black; a low cobalt band appears, rose gathers above it, and the actors acquire shadows before the stage becomes day.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: depthless cyc black as ground, a low cobalt horizon band as structure, rose gathering above it, white-day wash reserved for the fully active state
       - Type/composition: lighting-plot stencil caps for cue names with tabular numerals, content held in horizontal horizon bands stacked from dark to light
       - Topology/navigation: Organize atmosphere by horizon band, time phase, subject relation, and transition interval.
       - Controls/state: Raise, blend, hold, and compare with night, first light, dawn, day, and blackout states.
       - Responsive/motion: Offer discrete atmospheric phases with labels and patterns so color is never the sole signal.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A scrubbable cue timeline binds horizon bands to actor and scene state, making each light transition inspectable while named cue states remain deep-linkable and text-equivalent.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn-hero.webp
  6. an industrial streetwear grammar, ordinary words set in straight quotation marks, zip-tie tags left on, diagonal hazard stripes crossing white cotton and black nylon
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar
     CREATIVE SPARK: You lift a jacket and the zip-tie tag clacks against the hanger; across the back, giant caps in straight quotes name the obvious, and a hazard stripe runs diagonally under the fluorescent light of the stockroom.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: stockroom white cotton and black nylon as ground and ink, black-on-white hazard diagonals for structure, safety orange zip-tie tags as the accent
       - Type/composition: bold industrial caps inside straight quotation marks naming the obvious, label plates set square on the grid like stenciled crates
       - Topology/navigation: every zone is labeled with its literal quoted name, wayfinding is reading, and the hazard stripe runs diagonally under whatever matters
       - Controls/state: the active item keeps its orange zip tie on, toggles read "ON" and "OFF" in quotes, disabled things take the diagonal stripe across them
       - Responsive/motion: stripes hold 45 degrees at every width while label plates stack; motion is a tag swinging once on selection
     WEB LEVERAGE: css repeating-linear-gradient hazard stripes at 45deg, generated content wrapping every label in straight quotes via ::before and ::after
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 3043ac75 --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 5. Build candidate
5 of your own grounded list; seed key 3043ac75.
